Updated copy (#4)
danielehc/katacoda-scenarios: secure_consul_acl/finish.md

## Review

In this hands-on lab, you deployed a secure Consul datacenter using Docker.

> The lab guided you through the steps necessary to deploy Consul with ACLs enabled for agent RPC communications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The lab guided you through the steps necessary to deploy Consul with ACLs enabled to secure acces to the UI, API, CLI, services, and agents.
```
TLS encryption secures RPC communiction.  Side note, we should probably update the guides to remove the term "communication"
